# Meeting Agenda
## Information
**Meeting Date/Time:**  <br>
**Meeting Purpose:** Clarify Sprint 1 with TA <br>
**Meeting Location:** Laboratory <br>
**Meeting Duration:** 105 minutes  <br>
**Note Taker:**  Dominic, Saoud, Yassine <br>

## Attendance

- Dominic Riccio - 40125922
- Saoud Messaoudi - 40208399
- Steven Di Stefano - 40175474
- Jared Latchman 40214398
- Michael Iadisernia - 40212429
- Yassine Ibhir - 40251116
## Items
### Items to discuss

• User Stories with TA <br>
• Read me <br>
• Minutes file needed <br>
• Repository setup with permissions for members<br>

### Discussion
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
| User Story | All member | User story can be epic an need to be in the issue


### Action
Action to be done: <br>
• Communicated with our sponsor/ clarified some of the project requirements | **Completed** <br>
• Finalised the readme file | **On-going** | Owner: Saoud<br>
• Created issues as user stories | **On-going** | Need to clarify who owns this item <br>
• Created new tags for user stories | **On-going** <br>
• Created new wiki | **On-going** <br>
• Created new wiki | **On-going** | Owner: Dominic<br>

**Due Date for on-going item on September 28**

## General Notes & Information
User story can be "epic", meaning they are broad. Our user story start form the epic and get more specific.
